update dependencies (#188)
bcgsc/physlr: README.md

    * [networkx](https://networkx.github.io/)
    * [numpy](https://numpy.org/)
    * [scipy](https://www.scipy.org/)

>     * [sklearn/sickit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [sklearn/scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/)
```

    * [tqdm](https://tqdm.github.io/)	

### Optional dependencies

- [pigz](https://zlib.net/pigz/) for parallel gzip
- [zsh](https://sourceforge.net/projects/zsh/) for reporting time and memory usage

### Developers dependencies

> There are additional funcitons in Physlr (specially the python version) for developers to generate granulated reports. These functions may have dependencies some of them listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are additional functions in Physlr (especially the python version) for developers to generate more granular reports. The dependencies of these functions are listed below:
```
Feel free to change if this isn't an exhaustive list (although it probably should be?)
